Slanguage is a Duolingo-like app in which the user can learn slang from around the world. Teaching both common slang words and funny phrases, this app can help the user bond with locals and learn how to say common phrases other language apps do not teach. After selecting a language, the user is given prompts of either translating phrases word-by-word or tapping and pairing slang words from given words. There is also audio of the phrases to help the user learn pronunciation and a leaderboard for the user to compete with their friends. Currently the only languages implemented are Argentinian Spanish and Australian English, but soon I will add Brazilian Portuguese and Italian (their flags are already in the app). The leaderboard is also currently not connected to a database, but rather shows a pre-existing placeholder list where the user can climb up (currently, 100 points are awarded per prompt completed). 

I got the flags from: https://www.flaticon.com/packs/international-flags-3
I got the font used for the title from: https://www.urbanfonts.com/fonts/Bombing.font

I learned how to use:
UITableViews from: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dObOj2MMYzA and https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34877476/uitableview-inside-a-viewcontroller-with-custom-cell-without-storyboard
CGAffineTransform from https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31259993/change-height-of-uiprogressview-in-swift/31260320
Audio from: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32036146/how-to-play-a-sound-using-swift

Timeline:
October 14th: Started the project with a PageController, which I ended up not using. Was not sure what I wanted to make yet.
October 17th: Thought of the idea for Slanguage, and built a prototype which had the basics of a Duolingo-like app: given an array in Spanish, the user was given buttons of the tranaslation that they would have to click in the right order.
October 18th: Got it to work fluidly with a check button, which when clicked checks the user's translation and prints "Incorrect!" or "Correct!" before showing the new prompt.
October 19th: Made it so it randomly chooses between giving you an English -> Spanish translation or Spanish -> English. Worked on making the buttons rearrange correctly when another button was pressed so that there would never be empty space between 2 buttons. Added more phrases and added random words that would appear to make the translation harder for the user.
October 20th: Added audio I recorded of the Spanish phrases to help the user with pronunciation. Added a Tab View Controller to switch between the language learning screen and the leaderboard screen (which was empty to this point). Added a "Next" button that the user can click to start a new prompt rather than just instantly having a new one as soon as they check the right answer.
October 21st: Animated the movement of the buttons so they quickly move rather instantly pop in its destination. Added a "Hear" button that the user can click to hear the current phrase.
October 22nd: Deleted the Next button and made it so the Check button instead would double as both depending on the context. Added a "Correct!" view that tells the user they are correct rather than just relying on printing to the console. Added a progress bar for the current lesson and added an "Incorrect!" view that serves the same purpose as the "Correct!" view but tells the user the translation was wrong. Cleaned up the code to be more efficient and made some design changes.
October 23rd: Added Australian English and a screen where the user can choose between the two available languages. Started work on the "Tap Pair" minigame where the user has to choose which words mean what translated. Added a back button to the Translate screen that takes the user back to the Language Select screen. Made it so after the user inputs a correct translation, they can no longer click on the words until they go on to the next prompt.
October 24th: Finished the tap pairs mini game and moved the "Correct!" and "Incorrect!" code into its own functions, correct() and incorrect().
October 25th: Made it so the buttons are always centered, as before it was too left-heavy or right-heavy depending on whether the row had long words or short words. In order to make this possible, I changed the way the tapping on words works during translations: now the buttons have a fixed position and return to it when the button is clicked at the top, rather than every button constantly readjusting its position based on the position of other buttons. Added frames to the buttons at the bottom so when the button is at the top, there is a gray frame that shows where it would return (its original position). Added an Argentinian and an Australian flag to the launch screen to replace the buttons that said "ARG" and "AUS." Also added an Italian and a Brazilian flag, both of which are currently not clickable. Also added the current flag to the learning screen at the top, next to where it says the name of the app. Fixed bug where the current audio clip would be deleted after an incorrect response, which would lead to a crash later on. Added image to the hear button (button clicked to relisten to current phrase) to replace text. Added 2 lines which the translate buttons sit on after being pressed for a better design look. Changed textToTranslate to appear from the left, next to the hear button, rather than center. Still must do something with the text when it says "Tap the Pairs" (either make it centered or just erase it and replace the "TRANSLATE" on top). The pairs to tap now appear much higher in the screen. Changed the color and shape of buttons.
October 27th: Added a leaderboard screen where it puts you up against a currently pre-made list of other "users." Added a score system where you gain 100 points every time you complete a prompt, and is saved using UserDefaults.standard. Made many design changes, such as changing the title's font and the color of progress bar, check button, button frames, and more.